When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  I would want to use a remote repository to keep my codes online so that I can work on
  it from any other computers. Also, with a remote repo, I can share my codes so others
  can work on it too.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	There may be others who are working on the same branch and push on the remote which
	I wouldn't want to add to my local repo.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?

	Fork: Save someone else's github repo to my github repo.
	Clone: Save any github repo to local computer or copy a local repo to somewhere 
	else locally.
	Branch: Create a branch for adding separate functionality.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	So I can compare the local master and origin/master when I am offline and make
	necessary changes/merges when I think appropriate.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what
would be harder?

	Without Git or Github, I would collaborate using emails, sending the codes and ask
	for reviewing and merging the codes.
	Easier: I already know how to attach files in email and send. So, no learning curve.
	Harder: I would have to carefully separate my modifications from the original code
	so that if it is not approved I can delete them and I would have to do it at every
	instance.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?
What benefits does each approach have?

	I would use separate branch if I want to get my additions to be reviewed by
	someone else and if accepted, merge with the master branch.
	Making changes directly in master is easier to implement. Making changes in branch
	is less risky since it provides opportunity to be reviewed and corrected by others
	before adding to master.